---
title: "How to Fix Stephen Crowder's Problem S2Ep03"
date: 2023-07-08T11:47:10-04:00
lastmod: 2023-07-08T11:47:10-04:00
draft: false
keywords: []
tags: [cryptosocial, hive, podcast, socialmedia, stephencrowder, web3]
categories: [defluenced]
summary: ""
description: ""
coverImage: "/covers/def-artwork.jpeg"
enclosureURL: "https://cast.garden/download/streaming-playlists/hls/videos/fb124670-bbae-4453-a4f7-940830daf02a-480-fragmented.mp4"
enclosureType: "mp4"
enclosureLength: "27:28"
author: ""
# The duration can be either string or integer (in seconds), for example:
# If set duration to 12345 will displayed 03:25:45
# If set duration to "12:34" will displayed 12:34
duration: 27:28
hiddenFromHomePage: false
hiddenFromRSS: false
katex: false
---
In a bombshell of an episode of Louder with Crowder Steven literally nuked big Conservative media...
<!--more-->
In a bombshell of an episode of Louder with Crowder Steven literally nuked big Conservative media stating that they were no different than the leftest media being in bed with big tech. Showing one of several contracts leveling outrageous requirements of a content creator and their content, advertisers and merchandise. Allen and I go over some things and reiterate that Web3 can solve a content creators problems such as these. It doesn't matter the size of the creators audience. Web3 can and will scale to what they need. Web3 creators own their content, their audience and their platform. It's cost effective and profitable. And you can most likely do all of that without sponsors or any kind of advertising. If I could get a message to Crowder. All I want is for him to at least look at some form of Web3 technology. Something like Hive (https://hive.io), a time tested, proven, working and scalable platform that is 100% open source and free. He could have a home base website to host his content, even his own social media platform to go along with the content. Stephen dont keep playing with the old tech. Embrace the new tech and OWN your stuff! Dont look for contracts. Look for solutions for your passion! Watch his episode "It's time to stop" here. https://youtu.be/eTcq4UCTZ-Y
